Second commit (#2)
Azure-Samples/azure-functions-openai-aisearch-python: README.md

    "EMBEDDING_MODEL_DEPLOYMENT_NAME": "embeddings",
    "SYSTEM_PROMPT": "You must only use the provided documents to answer the question"
    }
}
```

### Permissions
#### Add your account (your account email, for example: contoso@microsoft.com) with the following permissions to the Azure OpenAI and AI Search resources when testing locally.
If you used `azd provision` this step is already done - your logged in user and your function's managed idenitty already have permissions granted. 
* Cognitive Services OpenAI User (OpenAI resource)
* Azure Search Service Contributor (AI Search resource)
* Azure Search Index Data Contributor (AI Search resource)
 

### Access to Azure OpenAI and Azure AI Search with virtual network integration
If you selected virtual network integration, access to Azure OpenAI and Azure AI Search is limited to the Azure Function app through private endpoints and cannot be reached from the internet. To allow testing from your local machine, you need to go to the networking tab in Azure OpenAI and Azure AI Search and add your client ip to the allowed list. If you used `azd provision` this step is already done.

## Run your app using Visual Studio Code

> 1) Run and Debug `F5` the app or Open terminal inside VS code and type "func start"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Run and Debug `F5` the app or open a new terminal window in the `./app` folder and enter `func start`
```
